Tosan Ogedengbe
Enterprise Java Spring 2021: Weekly Reflection - Time Logs

Week 5
2/15/2021 - 2/21/2021 - 23 hours


RELEVANT ITEMS:
1. Watched all Week 4 Videos
2. Completed all Week 4 Readings
3. Completed the Week 4 Activity
4. Worked through and completed the Week 4 Exercise using the Concept Compendium
5. Began watching Week 5 Videos
6. Started the Week 5 Readings
7. Created all of the database tables for the Concept Compendium
8. Created all of the DAOs for the Concept Compendium
9. Started the creation of the Java classes for the Concept Compendium
10. Practiced coding several MVC webapps using tutorial videos
11. Began to gather facts on game engines and ideas for how to explain and present them for my Professional Development Activity on Amazon Lumberyard


ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  
Did a lot of research after the DAO reading to see what would work best for my project. Things in the outside reading I did were very clear and I learned a lot from them. Found that a single DAO would work for me based on what I need the DAO to do, rather than create a DAO for each table or entity - which was where I was going. Worked through the Hibernate Demo and learned a lot about how Hibernate works and got a little more insight on how all of these things Java Classes, DAOs and Databases all connect and work together using Hibernate and other ORMs like it. 
Worked on practice coding for MVC apps using Java in order to get a better grasp on how to code my project based on what I want it to do. Coded along with several tutorial videos through YouTube. 
Videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-N5X90qizQ
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTVVa2gfht8
	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IsL6g2ixak
After spending a lot of time looking over code and trying to find errors in my Unit Test for Week 4 - I reached out for a little help. Once I got some additional insight to the potential problem, I was able to chase it down idea by idea until I found what seemed to be the issue....conflicting table names in two separate databases that were both being referenced by the same program. Once I made this change - everything worked. I now know to be more consistent when creating databases (big help when I am doing my own project), and I have learned to get more comfortable reaching out into a group environment. I found a lot of similar issues out there that I tried when doing my own troubleshooting. While these were not solutions to my problem....I was set on some different tracks to look for solutions that I would not have reached on my own. 


SETBACKS:  
Needed to put a stop to my research on MVC until later on in order to get some work done on my Professional Development Activity and the work overdue for Week 4 and Week 5. Had some issues getting Unit Tests to pass after completing the Hibernate Demo. Received some strange error messages that I was able to understand, but could still not narrow things down and troubleshoot effectively. Needed to reach out on this after spending a little over an hour trying to find the errors and backtrack over all the coding I had done to see if the error could be eliminated. It turns out, the error was my fault in a case of bad annotations for Hibernate. While it was a little demoralizing for such a small thing to cause So MANY issues - but it was refreshing to have this happen in this way so that I could learn from it and open my eyes to the fact that anything at all can cause a problem in a program, and I need to be very diligent when creating and troubleshooting code.


