Tosan Ogedengbe
Enterprise Java Spring 2021: Weekly Reflection - Time Logs

Week 9
3/15/2021 - 3/21/2021 - 41 hours


RELEVANT ITEMS:
1. Watched all Week 8 Videos
2. Completed all Week 8 Readings
3. Coded along with the Week 8 demo to complete the Week 8 exercise
4. Worked through more MVC and Java application notes and YouTube tutorials to gain more of an understanding of how MVC works, and how to properly code my project. 
5. Continued the work on recoding my project from the ground up using some of the techniques that I found. 
6. Did some additional work on the slides and the visual components for my Professional Development Activity presentation on Amazon Lumberyard.
7. Met with my team and collaborated on the Team Project.
	a. We were able to get an idea together for the project.
	b. Discussed the main idea for the problem statement.
	c. Set up the timetable for future meetings.
	d. Agreed upon a preliminary division of labor
8. Worked on ideas for the Views the project would need (my part of the project at this time) and designed variants for the JSPs that we will need.
9. Drafted a preliminary Project Plan (to be submitted for approval) for the team. 


ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  
Did more research on MVC and Java web application coding as I worked through the re-coding of my project. I reviewed the same tutorials from last week just in case there was anything I was missing that I could learn from. Found some more particular ones that seemed to shine the most light on the things I was missing. 
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqiuxA_OFOk
Links: https://www.onlyxcodes.com/2018/02/java-mvc-addeditdelete-using-jsp-and.html	

Found time to have the first team meeting for the Team Project. 
At this time we decided on a team project to develop (taking an idea suggested by Rob). We also were able to assign duties for the next week so that when we next met we could have some materials set up and ready to go. I am comfortable in the ideas that I had for the views and the interactive nature that they will provide for our team application. 




SETBACKS:  
I continue to struggle with getting a complete understanding of how the code for this application works behind the scenes. I get what is supposed to happen, and what the code is supposed to tell these application parts to do, but I feel like I am looking for a deep understanding of why all the pieces do what they do, and I should probably already understand this, but I feel like I don’t. A lot of this is probably due to my not really being a great visual learner, and how I need to do things the way I was taught...through reading and having things described or explained before I look for examples. I found that I struggled with the videos (for setting up the code for the controllers, which is where a lot of the action is) and took what they were showing too literally. Since the User Display controller really did not do all that much, and I felt I was drawing a blank when it came time to create my own logic in my own controllers. So, I broke down all the steps that each controller is required to do, and went about studying how to make that happen. I looked around (a lot) for any notes and sites that could break this down for me in a way I needed. Way too many of them referred to Spring and its annotations, so I came back to these later. I did manage to find some items that helped me and I broke down a lot of what I feel I need from them. I have a lot of excitement now as I try to utilize what I found, I hope I just use this information correctly.






 









 






