Tosan Ogedengbe
Enterprise Java Spring 2021: Weekly Reflection - Time Logs

Week 4
2/9/2021 - 2/14/2021 - 14 hours


RELEVANT ITEMS:
1. Watched all Week 3 Videos
2. Completed all Week 3 readings
3. Worked through and completed the Week 3 Exercise using the suggested solutions
4. Started watching Week 4 Videos
5. Started Week 4 readings
6. Started work on the individual project database needs and structures


ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  
Had to do a lot of catch up for Week 3. Went back and reviewed the Week 3 videos. This included the walkthourgh provided by the instructor to help me work through the Week 3 excerice. Using this helped me really get a better understanding of unit testing and how to really see the logic in some of the methods I create. Started to work on watching all the Week 4 videos, and completed the readings. Started to review my files and items for my individual project - The Concept Compendium and began work on the database planning as laid out in my project plan. Was able to make up a lot of ground and can hopefully be more in front of the coursework in the coming weeks. Also spent some time reviewing my general Java by watching all older videos for Advanced Java 112 and registering for an online course for my own education.
Course: https://codewithmosh.com/


SETBACKS:  
Repurcussions of time management from last week still had me about a week behind in the coursework. Based on this, I needed to play catch up for a lot of the hours I devoted to Java in Week 4. I hope to be able to begin to use my time in the coming weeks to remain on time or start to get ahead. I had some tail end issues with the final exercise for Week 3. I got all my tests to pass (which I beleive is the goal) but I could not get my captcha file in the exercise to provide an actual number. Instead, I got 0...so I think I failed to provide the proper file location for the program. Everything I tried gave me the same result. A major frustration I had was with code coverage. I was under the impression I wanted to get this to 100%. I was at around 71% and wanted to improve this. I was not able to get the answers to the questions that I had on this particular issue. I will work on that while looking forward to Week 4 and 5. We will need to see what I have to do to stay on top of things in the next week. 










 



 












 






