Tosan Ogedengbe
Enterprise Java Spring 2021: Weekly Reflection - Time Logs

Week 14
4/19/2021 - 4/25/2021 - 26 hours


RELEVANT ITEMS:
1. Completed all readings and videos for Week 13 Materials.
2. Studied several websites and video tutorials in an attempt to complete the Week 13 exercise. 
3. Completed as much of the Week 13 exercise as possible (all but the conversation extra challenge).
4. Completed all readings and videos in order to attempt work on the Extra Credit Assignments (SOAP, Custom Tags).
5. Completed feedback for both of the Professional Development Activities presented in class (on 4/20).
6. Began work on recreating the databases for the Concept Compendium.
 


ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  
I took a lot of time to read and watch all the videos I needed for the Week 13 materials as well as the Extra Credit for (SOAP and Custom Tags). 
I was able to complete the week 13 exercise to a point and had to leave it at that. 



SETBACKS:   
Time. I dont have a lot of it left. Family obligations and taking care of family members became a sudden priority that I had to accommodate. 
I continue to use what time I can find to study and learn the material for other assignments and extra credit. 
That continues to leave my individual project even further behind. Despit all of that, I also found that I struggled a bit too much with the assignment for Week 13. 
I am not sure why it seemed harder that it needed to be, but I could not get the Producer and the Listener to have a conversation. 
I got a message there and back, but was probably more luck than anything else I did in getting that to happen. 
I did a lot of research online and looked at a lot of tutorial vidoes, but nothing came close to making things easier. 
It was a bit discouraging to not be able to figure this one out at this point, but I had to let it go after several hours across two days trying to figure it out.
After all of that, the extra credit has not been started yet. I was able to start work on the Concept Compendium once again.
When I did that, my method tests were providing SQL Integrity Errors that indiated my databases may have been improperly created. 
Now begins work on finding out if I can fix them, or if creating a new database would make more sense. 


 









 






