Tosan Ogedengbe
Enterprise Java Fall 2021: Weekly Reflection - Time Logs

Week 6
9/30/2021 - 10/10/2021 - 23 hours


RELEVANT ITEMS:
1. Completed all Week 2 Videos
2. Completed all Week 3 Videos
3. Completed all Week 4 Videos
4. Completed all Week 5 Videos
5. Completed all Week 6 Videos
7. Reviewed all Week 6 Readings
8. Added additional POJO classes that comprise the Model layer for the Concept Compendium
9. Added additional Java classes that comprise the Controller layer for the Concept Compendium
10. Created code stubs for all of the JSPs that comprise the View layer of the Concept Compendium
11. Participated in Team Peer Design/Code Reviews
12. Wrote and uploaded two Peer Design/Code Reviews
13. Completed the production database for the Concept Compendium
14. Completed the test database for the Concept Compendium
15. Added more information to the base draft for the Professional Development Activity on NSA Project Ghidra
16. Worked towards getting as much done as needed for an on time submission for Checkpoint 2


ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  
Began working on the main code for some of the necessary classes for the project. Began to get work done on the annotation for the database to illustrate the different
relationships between the tables and establish them in Hibernate for the Concept Compendium. During class period for the week, was able to participate in Team Peer 
Design/Code Reviews. As my team contained four people - I was required to do a review for two of them. Took notes on their presentations and asked a few questions for each. 
Both had a lot of good stuff to show. Added more to the Concept Compendium by getting both the production and test databases completed. Was able to review all coursework 
videos to date in order to get caught up for time missed. Got all Week 6 materials read and videos watched. Continued to work on the generic DAO for the project and added 
in all unit testing as needed. Added some more work on a new draft of my report for my presentation on NSA Project Ghidra. This draft will contain the script for how I will 
present the information complete with real world examples, and queues for when to change slides. 



SETBACKS:  
I had a large one this week. I was still dealing with my illness that set me back several days. Once Paula had to check on me to find out if I was ok, or able to complete
the course, I needed to devise a plan to overcome these recent setbacks. I will need to cover all of the missed material in good time to get back on track. I am 
determined to take care of this so that this attempt at this class will be successful. I am working to make sure that I can get caught up as needed and get all of the
required materials ready and in place for Checkpoint 2. 



