Tosan Ogedengbe
Enterprise Java Spring 2021: Weekly Reflection - Time Logs

Week 11
3/29/2021 - 4/4/2021 - 45 hours


RELEVANT ITEMS:
1. Reworked the both test and production Dao in the Concept Compendium in order to try to get tests to pass
2. Worked with my team on the team project and accomplished several things:
	a. Designated roles for team members
	b. Established a new team meeting time
	c. Set down expectations required by next team meeting
	d. Out of team roles - I chose to become team record keeper
3. Completed the week 10 exercise
4. Rewatched all videos for Week 4, & Week 5 in order to refactor all the production DAO for the Concept Compendium
5. Studied API documentation samples for the Team Project
6. Prepared some sample templates for the documentation we will use for the team project.
7. Provided Professional Development Activity Feedback



ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  
Not a lot in the time I put in. I got a lot done for the team project...looking at API documentation so that I can model ours after what is out there. I was able to complete the week 10 exercise and got that turned in. Provided feedback for the Professional Development Activities for the week. I still have a long way to go to get this project to start to function. 



SETBACKS: I could not get my tests to pass in my generic Dao after adding in several new controller classes. I went back to the beginning and rebuilt the entire Test Dao to make sure I had what was needed in there. I was not able to get the tests to pass. I had a persistent time zone issue and looked though Slack to see if the solutions there would help me. They did not for the time being. I also had issues where I needed to assign a data source for my annotated columns in my model classes. I think this might be because I removed the data sources at one point earlier. At this time, just getting the basics to work is eluding me, and this is making it harder to get to all of the other things this project needs.




 









 






