Tosan Ogedengbe
Enterprise Java Spring 2021: Weekly Reflection - Time Logs

Week 7
3/1/2021 - 3/7/2021 - 27.5 hours


RELEVANT ITEMS:
1. Re-watched all Week 6 Videos
2. Reviewed all Week 6 Readings
3. Coded along with the Week 5 demo to use Generic Dao and Equal comparison test methods in the Concept Compendium
4. Completed the deployment of the Week 2 User Display onto AWS for the Week 6 Exercise
5. Added some additional POJO classes that comprise the Model layer for the Concept Compendium
6. Added some additional Java classes that comprise the Controller layer for the Concept Compendium
7. Updated some of the button functionality in the html code stubs for all of the html pages that comprise the View layer of the Concept Compendium to test ease of travel through the application
8. Completed the second draft of the report for my Professional Development Activity on Amazon Lumberyard



ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  
Got a lot done on my project by getting the Week 6 exercise completed. Continued to work on the unit testing and generic DAO for the project. Looking into getting the various classes to speak to the corresponding jsp pages to see if the application can come together. I will work with more tutorial videos next week and practice some more until I find that moment when a connection is made. Completed a second draft of my report for my presentation on Amazon Lumberyard. This report contains the script for how I will present the information complete with real world examples, and the like.



SETBACKS:  
The main setback continues to be getting unit tests to function with my generic Dao for my project. Based on this, my checkpoint 2 submission was a bit late and was incomplete. Hopefully I can get all of this working in the coming weeks. I find I am struggling a bit to see the connection between the model and everything else. Through recent study, the purpose and function of the DAO, Controllers and View are clear - the Model is still a bit hazy at this time.  




 


