Tosan Ogedengbe
Enterprise Java Spring 2021: Weekly Reflection - Time Logs

Week 13
4/11/2021 - 4/18/2021 - 40 hours


RELEVANT ITEMS:
1. Completed final team meeting for the ReST Devs Team Project.
2. Completed the final updates for all of the Documentation (text and HTML pages) for the ReST Devs Team Project.
3. Completed the final updates to the Test Classes for the Team Project.
4. Completed the final ReST Devs Team Journal entries for the Team Project.
5. Participated in the ReST Devs Team Project presentation in class. (On 4/12).
6. Completed the Enterprise Java Team Project Evaluation Survey.
7. Completed all readings and videos for Week 13 Materials.
8. Completed all readings and videos in order to attempt work on the Extra Credit Assignments (SOAP, Custom Tags).



ACCOMPLISHMENTS:
We got the Team Project done and presented. I felt I was lagging behind a lot in the understanding of the project.
I was able to contribute enough to help us provide a smooth presentation and good documentation. 
The Team Journal was a major accomplishment. 
I took a lot of time to read and watch all the videos I needed for the Week 13 materials as well as the Extra Credit for (SOAP and Custom Tags). 
I did not like to put these ahead of my project considering the status of my project and how behind I am on it now. 
I am going to try everything I can to gather as many points as possible going into the end of the semester to make up for the points I missed at the start. 
Hopefully I have enough time to get the project to a good place in the next week. 



SETBACKS: 
Time. I used a lot of the time that I had to study and learn the material for other assignments and extra credit. 
That left my individual project even further behind a bit in order to do that. 
Now, I have to make sure that I use the time I have left to the best of my ability to make sure that I can get the project to a close to finished state. 




 









 






