Tosan Ogedengbe
Enterprise Java Spring 2021: Weekly Reflection - Time Logs

Week 10
3/22/2021 - 3/28/2021 - 61.5 hours


RELEVANT ITEMS:
1. Watched all Week 9 Videos
2. Completed all Week 9 Readings
3. Worked through more MVC and Java application notes and YouTube tutorials to gain more of a complete understanding of what coding will need to be in my project.  
4. Continued the work on recoding my project from the ground up using some of the techniques that I found. 
5. Worked on a variety of coding for the controllers for my project, and felt very good about what I was thinking and coding as talked myself through the solutions. 
6. Completed all remaining work on the visual components and the written script for my Professional Development Activity presentation on Amazon Lumberyard.
7. Participated in the second team meeting for the Team Project.
8. Created a Git Repository for my Team Project
9. Created the Team Project file structure in IntelliJ.
 


ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  
Completed the Professional Development Activity on Amazon Lumberyard. The entire project is done and is ready for presentation on 3/30. Continue to utilize the readings and the examples I had to rework my project from the ground up. Created several controllers that I feel make more sense now. Packaged these for instructor review so that my train of thought can be looked at to see if I am finally on track or close to it. Worked towards getting everything ready for Checkpoint 3.  	

Attended the second team meeting for the Team Project. 
	a. Fleshed out what the project is going to do
	b. Had further discussions about what the project is and is not going to need to be
	c. Further division of labor was discussed with me being assigned to create the team repository
	d. Created a mock webpage layout for the Team Project. This was not asked for, but I designed it to see if it would add something to the Team Project. 



SETBACKS:  
While I spent a lot of time on course work this week, and much of it was geared towards the Professional Development Activity - I failed to get much done in regard to the Week 9 Exercise. I will have to try to get that in late and see if I can be more on time for Week 10. I am also missing a lot of components that were expected as deliverables for Checkpoint 3. I failed to make as much progress on all of that this week as well. 
Missing Checkpoint 3 deliverables:
	1. Tomcat Authentication
	2. Amazon Web Services Deployment
	3. Finished JSPs that display database items
While these items were past deadline, I needed to continue to make progress on getting these things done.







 









 






