Tosan Ogedengbe
Enterprise Java Spring 2021: Weekly Reflection - Time Logs

Week 6
2/22/2021 - 2/28/2021 - 25.5 hours


RELEVANT ITEMS:
1. Watched all Week 5 Videos
2. Completed all Week 5 Readings
3. Coded along with the Week 5 One to Many demo. Completed the demo
4. Worked through and completed the Week 5 Exercise using the Concept Compendium
5. Completed watching Week 6 Videos
6. Completed the Week 6 Readings
7. Added additional POJO classes that comprise the Model layer for the Concept Compendium
8. Added additional Java classes that comprise the Controller layer for the Concept Compendium
9. Created code stubs for all of the JSPs that comprise the View layer of the Concept Compendium
10. Completed the first draft of the report for my Professional Development Activity on Amazon Lumberyard
11. Completed the screenplay for the contents of my slides and their placement to use with the report for my Professional Development Activity on Amazon Lumberyard. 


ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  
Got a lot done on my project by getting the Week 5 One to Many relationships established in Hibernate for the Concept Compendium. Was able to get this material completed and have a good understanding of what was done. Got the report completed for my presentation on Amazon Lumberyard. This report contains all of the information I plan to share and all of the facts and condensed information that I found that was pertinent to the scope of my report. I also completed the "screenplay" for this presentation which I will use to determine what will be on the slides as well as when the slides will be brought in to complement the report. 



SETBACKS:  
I had a large one this week. I was unable to get my Week 2 Exercise to deploy on AWS. I was also unable to get my DAOs and tests to work in my individual project. I spent a lot of time working on multiple DAOs as I tried to go straight to a generic one without understanding or having all of the proper code for that. At this time, I need to reset everything and recode all of it to see if I can eliminate the issues that I have by trying clean code that I have had a chance to study and understand. There is going to be a lot of time spent on this in the coming weeks, but my hope is that I do not set myself too far back due this this setback.

